Hello friends today i am in Jamnagar for tasting
Gujarati thali, I am at the hotel president.
here we have Mr. Hitesh Bhatt owner of the
hotel celebration.
he will going to tell us about the journey
of hotel celebration.
how they become celebration from the chetna.
we have started the hotel celebration in 2005,
since 10 years we have started this hotel
and we are serving Guajarati thali, pure Guajarati
thali, in that we serve 3 (three) sabji, 1
dal, 1 kadhi Guajarati kadhi, 1 farsan and
1 sweet.
typical dal and rice also.
this is our father's business and we are doing
this for last 50 years.
known for Guajarati thali, typical Guajarati
thali and we are serving best Guajarati thali
in Jamnagar.
this is a complete Guajarati thali which looks
like a royal treat.
in this we have 3 curries (sabji), one is
authentic potato curry or potato sabji, this
is masala bhindi or you can call it masala
ladyfinger, third one is val, we call it val
sabji. this one is kadhi the world famous
Guajarati kadhi which is made from the besan.
here we have sweet dish the fruit salad. this
is a very unique thing which you can get in
only Gujarat. this is known as gota or fulavda,
this is made from besan flour, inside it have
green leaves like fenugreek leaves and green
chilies, here we have fulka roti, dal and
puri. here are the three different chutneys
one is typical Guajarati style garlik chutney,
second is date sweet chutney and third one
is very popular green chutney which is served
with many kinds of Indian fast foods.
first a fall I am going to start with okra
or ladyfinger which is the fried curry it
is one of the delicious Guajarati curry made
from the okra and some ground spices. it has
a unique Guajarati flavor which you can get
only in Gujarat. when you put in mouth it
feels like chewee but ultimately it gives
good taste of all the masala and it is one
of the best dish in Guajarati thali.
now I am going to taste kadhi which is made
from the besan and buttermilk, it behaves
a very unique taste, it has a balanced taste
little bit sweet, salty and sour.
I think it is the real Guajarati food which
we are looking for.
this is the fulka or you can call it roti.
this is the thing which you heaven't seen
yet this is called gota or fulavda, it is
a very unique Guajarati food, made from besan
and some leafy vegetables and then deep fried
it, it goes good with any other chutneys or
souses that you have.
it is crunchy from outside and absolutely
spongy from inside and very much similar like
khaman dhokla.
it have same structure but crispy at outside.
at the end of the meal Gujarat’s like dal
and bhat (rice) almost every time.
it is typical Guajarati style dal bhat and
almost everybody in their house like to cook
dal bhat for the lunch.
this is a very good dish, I recommend everybody
to eat this because it is light not spicy
and it has a balanced taste dish sweet, sour
and salty.
everybody in the world can eat this dish.